README.md, before:

# Template - Small Python Service connection to a DB and Dependency Inversion



Use this template everytime you want to quick set up a Python service.

This template is able to read from a SQLite, for the moment, 
and to read a configuration file.

From the main.py endpoint it is possible to call the services.

The service are available into the file services.py

This projects follows the **Repository Pattern**.

It is an abstraction over persistent storage.
Hides the details of data access.


In the dependency inversion the domain model is free from the Infrastructure concerns.

Repository pattern is a simple abstraction
around permanent storage. Repository gives you the illusion of a collection of in-memory objects.

![RepositoryPattern.jpg](static%2FRepositoryPattern.jpg)

The Service Layer orchestrate our workflow and defines the Use Cases of our systems.
The service layer will become the main way to our app.

This is the architecture **Layered Architecture**, of type monolith.

Components are organized into logical horizontal layers and every layer consists of 4 standards layers:

* Presentation
* Business
* Persistence
* Database

![Layers.jpg](static%2FLayers.jpg)

_Layers of isolation: changes made in one layer in the architecture, generally don't impact
or affect components in other layers.
Each layer is independent of the others._



### Environment - POSIX
**Install python3. Last Version is now 3.10.6**

**Create a hidden folder with the local python environment with this command**

`python3 -m venv .local_venv`


**Activate the environment**

`source .local_venv/bin/activate`

**Install the requirements**

`pip3 install -r requirements.txt`

**Run tests**

`python3 -m pytest tests/ -v`

**Run main**

`python3 main.py`

Commit message:

Based on the adaptive python service - modified the query
The query is a¡in an inicial state, and returns back all the record.
Connection to the data.db was made.
Dependency inversion has been used.
Repository pattern.

Updated the Readme file according to the project.

README.md, after:

# Python Service Frocery orders
(built from adaptive-python-service)

The output of this service is a list of dictionary.

Each item/dictionary represents an order, for an item, for a day.

An **order** is 
- a collection of information about the item
- when it can be ordered 
- when it will be delivered
- what’s the suggested retail price
- what’s the profit margin
- the purchase price, 
- in which categories this item is in
- any labels
- how much there’s in a case of this stuff
- how much they should order
- how much do they have in the inventory.
- 
![sample_order_dict.jpg](static%2Fsample_order_dict.jpg)

Order quantity =  
(sales quantity prediction at delivery_day - the inventory quantity at ordering_day) / (amount of items in a case (case_content_quantity)).


----------------------------------------------------------------
From the **main**.py endpoint it is possible to call the services.


This projects follows the **Repository Pattern**.

It is an abstraction over persistent storage.
Hides the details of data access.

In the dependency inversion the domain model is free from the Infrastructure concerns.

Repository pattern is a simple abstraction
around permanent storage. 


![RepositoryPattern.jpg](static%2FRepositoryPattern.jpg)

The Service Layer orchestrate our workflow and defines the Use Cases of our systems.
The service layer will become the main way to our app.

This is the architecture **Layered Architecture**, of type monolith.

Components are organized into logical horizontal layers and every layer consists of 4 standards layers:

* Presentation
* Business
* Persistence
* Database

![Layers.jpg](static%2FLayers.jpg)

_Layers of isolation: changes made in one layer in the architecture, generally don't impact
or affect components in other layers.
Each layer is independent of the others._



### Environment - POSIX
**Install python3. Last Version is now 3.10.6**

**Create a hidden folder with the local python environment with this command**

`python3 -m venv .local_venv`


**Activate the environment**

`source .local_venv/bin/activate`

**Install the requirements**

`pip3 install -r requirements.txt`

**Run tests**

`python3 -m pytest tests/ -v`

**Run main**

`python3 main.py`
